are you guys ready all right i'm gonna
get started
what is the best way to actually get
people to come to your website and
why they need to come to their website
they usually come to your website
because there is a pinpoint the
challenges they want to solve
there's something they want to learn or
something fun to entertain them
speaking of fun to entertain your
audience
i have an idea
[Music]
he looks very very good
i mean for his age
what have we learned today well what do
we learn from
you too kudos to you you should pat
yourselves on the shoulders
oh so nice it's really eye-opening great
pain
i love you so maybe we'll see each other
next time
it's not maybe we will
you